master -> main (#23132)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/available-counters.md

## System.Runtime counters

> The following counters are published as part of .NET runtime (CoreCLR) and are maintained in the [`RuntimeEventSource.cs`](https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr/blob/main/src/System.Private.CoreLib/src/System/Diagnostics/Eventing/RuntimeEventSource.cs).

Author: Should this link to runtime repository instead?

```suggestion
The following counters are published as part of .NET runtime (CoreCLR) and are maintained in the [`RuntimeEventSource.cs`](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src/libraries/System.Private.CoreLib/src/System/Diagnostics/Tracing/RuntimeEventSource.cs).
```

@stephentoub Can you confirm?

Reviewer: Yes, the coreclr repo is only for servicing older versions.
